docs/errors/ERRORS.md, before:

# Quick Test CLI Error Mapping

| Error code                             | Error Name             | Description                                            | Solution                                                                                               |
|----------------------------------------|------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `QTEST_COMPILER_ERROR`                   | file compilation error | Occurs when there is an error trying to compile a file | Check if they have installed the compiler/programming language of the file you are trying to compile |
| QTEST_EXTENSION_NOT_SOPPORTED_ERROR    | -                      | -                                                      | -                                                                                                      |
| QTEST_CONFIGURATION_FILE_ERROR         | -                      | -                                                      | -                                                                                                      |
| QTEST_PROGRAM_NOT_INSTALLED_ERROR      | -                      | -                                                      | -                                                                                                      |
| QTEST_SETUP_LABEL_IS_NOT_CORRECT_ERROR | -                      | -                                                      | -                                                                                                      |
| QTEST_FILE_NAME_CANNOT_BE_EMPTY        | -                      | -                                                      | -                                                                                                      |

Commit message:

docs: docs about QTEST_RUNTIME_ERROR was added

docs/errors/ERRORS.md, after:

# Quick Test CLI Error Mapping

| Error code                             | Error Name             | Description                                                         | Solution                                                                                             |
|----------------------------------------|------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `QTEST_COMPILER_ERROR`                 | file compilation error | Occurs when there is an error trying to compile a file              | Check if they have installed the compiler/programming language of the file you are trying to compile |
| `QTEST_RUNTIME_ERROR`                  | run time error         | occurs when any of the files that are obtained have a runtime error | fix the error in the file you are running                                                            |
| QTEST_EXTENSION_NOT_SOPPORTED_ERROR    | -                      | -                                                                   | -                                                                                                    |
| QTEST_CONFIGURATION_FILE_ERROR         | -                      | -                                                                   | -                                                                                                    |
| QTEST_PROGRAM_NOT_INSTALLED_ERROR      | -                      | -                                                                   | -                                                                                                    |
| QTEST_SETUP_LABEL_IS_NOT_CORRECT_ERROR | -                      | -                                                                   | -                                                                                                    |
| QTEST_FILE_NAME_CANNOT_BE_EMPTY        | -                      | -                                                                   | -                                                                                                    |
